h1. ICSE and ISC Results 2013

It turns out that the "ICSE":http://www.cisce.org/icse_X.html and "ISC":http://www.cisce.org/isc_XII.html results aren't secured. Here are a bunch of scripts that help download the results, as well as include a comprehensive list of already downloaded results.

h2. Setup

After you clone the repository @CISCEResults2013@, navigate into @./ICSEResults13/@ or @./ISCResults13/@.

h3. Single School Data Retrieval

Run the following: ```./getISCforSchool 9282```to get the ISC results for school ID 9282. Remember, ISC school IDs range from @9001@ to @9793@. Or you can use ```./getICSEforSchool 4674``` to get ICSE results for school ID 4674. ICSE school IDs range from @4001@ to @5568@.

h3. Range of Schools Data Retrieval

Run the following: ```./getAllISC 9282 9300```to get the ISC results for all school IDs from 9282 to 9300. Remember, ISC school IDs range from @9001@ to @9793@. Or you can use ```./getAllICSE 4674 4700``` to get ICSE results for school IDs 4674 to 4700. ICSE school IDs range from @4001@ to @5568@.

h2. Pre-fetched Results By School

All the results have already been fetched and can be found at @./ICSEResults13/DataBySchool/@ or @./ISCEResults13/DataBySchool/@.

h2. Pre-fetched Compilation of All Results

All the pre-fetched results can be found at @./ICSEResults13/AllData/AllICSEResults2013.xlsx@ or @./ISCResults13/AllData/AllISCResults2013.xlsx@. A complete list of data files are:
 *  @./ICSEResults13/AllData/AllICSEResults2013.xlsx@ - All formatted ICSE data for all students with Overall Average, Best of 5, and English + Best of 4
 *  @./ISCResults13/AllData/AllISCResults2013.xlsx@ - All formatted ISC data for all students with Overall Average, Best of 4, and English + Best of 4
 *  @./ICSEResults13/AllData/AllICSEResults2013.csv@ - All ICSE data in a comma separated value file with all the data for all students with an Overall Average as well.
 *  @./ISCResults13/AllData/AllISCResults2013.csv@ - All ISC data in a comma separated value file with all the data for all students with an Overall Average as well.
 *  @./ICSEResults13/AllData/IncompleteICSEResults2013.csv@ - ICSE data for all students who did not complete all their ICSE subjects.
 *  @./ISCResults13/AllData/IncompleteISCResults2013.csv@ - ISC data for all students who did not complete all their ISC subjects.
